Hi.
We didn't this lecture.
Where are you going to deep dive into a game scene that is chaos.
So far we have seen that this is our frame and this is very design our game.
And as you can see we have this hell over a label inside of this and we don't have anything else.
So what we can do over here for example we can't change the background color from here right.
We can do this white.
If I do this White I believe we cannot see anything in here so I'm going to go for another color like
black or you can't try something like blue or green or red.
In order to see it's better we're going to change the background to a picture to an image anyway.
So you're more than welcome to choose whatever you want from here for right now to see it better.
I believe you will see my screen better if I do it like this with a black or gray.
So we're going to work with this color.
And in here you see the frame and actually you're not going to be using this with that portrayed mode.
So I believe we should change this in this design section as well so that we will design our app with
a landscape mode.
So in the right hand side you see the width is 750 and height is charting 44.
So I'm going to reverse this to be thirteen forty four and seven fifty.
And as he can see now my frame is reversed says vote.
So I have a landscape frame to work on.
So I'm going to choose this hallowed label and I'm going to delete it by pressing backspace or delete
on my keyboard.
And if you open your library you will see you have a lot of different options than you used to like.
We don't have labels we don't have buttons we don't have text fields over here but we have something
called sprites and we have other objects as well but we generally work with sprites in the sprite kids.
So sprite is some object some view that you can change its background to an image or a color.
So we're going to use sprites a lot during this section and you you will know what I mean.
Don't worry about right now.
Before we go on and work with sprites we have to understand game scene comprehensively.
For example we have some anchor points over here and this is the anchor point.
So it defines the 0 0 coordinates in my system.
So remember in the layout section we define some views with code.
So we defined some label for example when it asked for some size and some position to put that label
in our view controller right.
So this is what we're going to do in this section as well.
We were going to create sprites.
So it will ask us for some size and some position to put that view into our scene.
So if we say 0 0 it will put it on our anchor.
And as you can see we can actually change the anchor point using this pain.
So if I say 0 0 it means that it will put my anchor points in the left hand side on the bottom.
So this is my y axis and this is my x axis as you know and it defines the 0 0.
And if you have worked with Sprite kid before this was the default anchor point.
So this was the 0 0.
But right now we get it in 0 point 5 0 point 5 which refers to the middle of the scene.
So when we say x 0 y 0 in the code it will place our values inside of the middle of the screen right
now.
So this is kind of a choice that you want to make if you want to put your views into into the middle
of the screen.
When you say 0 0 to the x axis and y axis now you can use anchor point like this.
If you don't like this if you're meant to magical person that you may want to put everything in the
0 0 axis then you say 0 0 in the positions in the coordinates then you are more than welcome to change
this anchor point.
But if you're not very experienced with Sprite kids or somewhat medical operations I believe you watch
me I'm going to use this as 0 point five four point five.
You will know what to do with 0 point 5.
Anchor Points.
And if you want.
You can just change them later on.
And as you can see we have a gravity over here which is a minus nine point eight.
So this represents literally the gravity because we're going to have a physical world working with Sprite
kids.
We're going to use it later on you will understand what I mean right now as you can see this checkboxes
define what we're seeing in the preview or rough we're not seeing.
So I'm going to keep all of this things checked.
So I want to see the camera boundaries.
So I want to see the physics boundaries and everything.
So this is only related to preview.
This is not related to the app itself or game itself.
So I believe we are ready to go over here and uncheck this part traits because we're only going to use
this in landscape right or the landscape left modes.
And this is not actually enough.
So you have to go to the info that P lists and as you can see we have some supported interface orientations
and we have some interface orientations for IPD as well.
So if you're developing your game to use it in AI pads as well you have to make sure you delete this
portrayed much from here.
So in our case I believe IPD is checked and I want to keep it that way.
But in order to keep this you have to come down over here and choose this portrait and hit on this minus
button to delete the portrayed modes so that our app will only support landscape mode.
So here we are ready to use the game see.
Now we have our anchor point.
We have our landscape orientation in design and in the real app as well.
Now we are ready to go and bring in the first design in our game scene so that we can start working
on our angry birds clone.